gh-101152:  Implement PEP 699 (#101193)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Build/2023-01-21-10-31-35.gh-issue-101152.xvM8pL.rst

> Added the PEP-699 Implementation

Reviewer: Try to be more descriptive. You should say what this means and what are the effects on external code. For example, how would 3rd party code be affected?

Also please add this to the whats new in 3.12 document.

Author: yes I'll add it

> Added the PEP-699 Implementation, :meth:`ma_version_tag` is deprecated for extension modules you can continue using it for the core code.
> The deprecation warning will pop up for extension modules.

Reviewer: Builtin CPython code should not use the field either. We shouldn't allow this by saying you "can continue using it".

I suggest the following,

```suggestion
In accordance with PEP 699, the ``ma_version_tag`` field in :c:type:`PyDictObject`
is deprecated for extension modules. Accessing this field will generate a compiler
warning at compile time. This field will be removed in Python 3.13.
```
